# Intracranial-Hemorrhages-detection-using-deep-learning
I'm going to use deep learning and the parameters from resnet database in order to create a deep learning algorythm that will detect strokes, intracranial hemorrhages 

For the first step of this project i downloaded the datas from kaggle. Then i add to clean up the data as IRMs are images of multiple parts of the head but only select parts are importants. So some of the images are not usable and we will have to get rid of them.
# some quick tips before goign to the code :
You will need to install fastai2. This library as a lot of datas and functions that make it easier to manage medical imaging. In the command prompt it was quite easy as " pip install fastai2 " worked immediately. On Anaconda it was a lot more complcated but in the end the command "  ". You will also need to download 2 more packages: Pydicom with " conda install -c conda-forge pydicom " or " pip install pydicom " and kornia with "conda install -c conda-forge kornia". They are required if you want to be able to import all the necessary libraries from fastai.medical.imaging.

# Different steps of this project:
First of all we need to download the cleaned intracranial Hemorrhages database made by Jeremy Howard, the founder of fastai (*Add link). The first thing we are doing is a simple classification algorythm. Basically what we are going to do is create an algorythm that when given an input image returns 1 if he detects a bleed, 0 if he detects nothing.
For this first step we are going to use pretrained layers of Resnet. To explain it quickly Resnet has pretrained models, what we are going to do is that we are going take the first layers of a resnet model, as these first layers recognize shapes, lines, etc... then for the final layers we are going to replace them with our own layers, because it's the final layers that can recognize complex forms and detect bleeding. Using those pretrained models will help us gain time and also have a better precision.

After what we will do is create a multiclass classification Algorythm. Going back to the main objectif of this project. We want to be able to tell if a patient is in danger by detecting bleeds in his brain. But the fact is that the risk of bleeds depends on the area of the brain. A bleed is more or less frequent depending on the parts of the brain we are examining. Furthermore, a little bleed in one part of the brain can be considered a great danger that needs immediate surgery, while a big bleed in another part of the brain can be considered less dangerous. So what we want to do is to create an algorythm that detects bleeds in the brain, also that tells us where the bleed happened and finally if immediate surgery is necessary 
